Add notes about cluster type and networking (#3680)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-details.md

When you delete a Deployment, all infrastructure resources assigned to the Deployment are immediately deleted. However, the Kubernetes namespace and metadata database for the Deployment are retained for 30 days. Deleted Deployments can't be restored. If you accidentally delete a Deployment, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/open-support-request).

1. In the Astro UI, select a Workspace, click **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.
2. Click the **More Actions** menu of the Deployment you want to delete, and select **Delete Deployment**.

    <img src={require("../static/img/docs/delete-deployment.png").default} alt="Delete Deployment in options menu" style={{ width: "60%", maxWidth: "400px", height: "auto" }} />

3. Enter `Delete` and click **Yes, Continue**.

> ## Find a Deployment's external IP address

Reviewer: Is it one or multiple? In the steps it implies multiple

> ## Find a Deployment's external IP address

Author: ```suggestion
## Find Deployment external IP addresses
```

> Deployments have associated external IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Astro Deployment has its own external IP addresses. Allowlist these addresses on any external service as a first step to create a connection between the Deployment and the service.
```

1. In the Astro UI, select a Workspace, click **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.
2. Select the **Details** tab.
3. In the **Other** section, you can find the **External IPs** associated with the Deployment.

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
```
I really should disable our ability to use `note` in `docusaurus.config.js`, but in general we should never be using this type of admonition

> If you are using a Standard Cluster and need to look up your external IP address for your cluster, you can use the Deployment External IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On standard clusters, the external IP address for the cluster is identical to the external IP address for all Deployments in the cluster.
```
How is this information useful for standard cluster users? I'm not seeing the use case for why you would need to allowlist an entire cluster instead of just a Deployment.

Author: Sorry! Standard users don't have *any* cluster level information about external IP addresses. If their platform admin wanted to allowlist at the cluster level, they can't. It has to be done at the deployment level.

> :::info
> 
> On standard clusters, the external IP address for the cluster is identical to the external IP address for all Deployments in the cluster.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
> Sorry! Standard users don't have any cluster level information about external IP addresses. If their platform admin wanted to allowlist at the cluster level, they can't. It has to be done at the deployment level.

Based on your previous comment, this admonition isn't accurate anymore
